An example of the NY Times “Boxed Letters” Puzzle. This sample corresponds to sample input 1. The New York Times publishes a puzzle called “Boxed Letters” for puzzle enthusiasts. In this puzzle, 12 letters are shown along the 4 sides of a box. The task is to find words that are spelled when these letters are connected, subject to the following rules: You may start the first word with any of the letters Consecutive letters in one word cannot be from the same side Words must be at least 3 letters long Letters can be reused The last letter of a word becomes the first letter of the next word, e.g. THY > YES > SINCE All letters must be used Use as few words as possible After trying the puzzle for a while, you remember that there are dictionaries that should make this task simple. Can you write a program that solves a Boxed Letters puzzle given a dictionary of words? Input The input consists of a single test case, which starts with an integer n (1 le n le 72, 000), the size of the dictionary. This line is followed by n lines, each containing a dictionary word of l uppercase English letters (3 le l le 22). All dictionary words are distinct. The next 5 lines contains the letters around the box in compressed form. The first line contains the top row, the last line the bottom row. The first character on each of the 3 lines in between corresponds to the box’s left side, the second character corresponds to the box’s right side. All 12 characters are distinct uppercase English letters. Output Output a word list that solves this puzzle, in the order in which the words would be entered into the puzzle. Place each word on a separate line. If there are multiple word lists that satisfy the conditions, you may output any of them. You are guaranteed that a solution exists. Sample Input 1 Sample Output 1 22 DATUM TRUMAN STAINS INSTANTS TACITUS LINUS TANTRUMS MCADAM ILLICIT ALUM CARINA DRUMSTICKS BACILLI SUBURBAN TIC SALSA TALIBAN ATTAIN LUNATIC ASIATICS MANDARIN RUMINANTS R I N M D C S A B U T K DRUMSTICKS SUBURBAN