Sample input 5, (R)-homocamptothecin, a tertiary alcohol. In this 2D visualisation, carbon atoms appear as unlabelled vertices and hydrogens are implicit except for the hydroxy group. An organic chemical compound is a molecule consisting of atoms that are pairwise connected by bonds. Atom are of different types, such as oxygen, carbon, and hydrogen. A hydroxy group is a hydrogen–oxygen bond. A compound is an alcohol if it contains a hydroxy group bound to a carbon atom that is itself bound to three other neighbours. An example is methanol: . On the other hand, formic acid is not an alcohol, because its hydroxy group is bound to a carbon atom with only two other neighbours, one of them using a double bond. If the carbon atom is bound to 0 or 1 other carbon atoms, then the alcohol is primary. For instance, methanol is a primary alcohol. If the carbon atom is bound to 2 or 3 other carbon atoms, then the alcohol is secondary or tertiary, respectively. A compound can have many hydroxy groups, and therefore simultaneously be a primary, secondary, and tertiary alcohol. The task is to classify a given organic chemical compound as an alcohol. Input Input is a single line consisting of at most 1000 symbols from\[ \verb!()CFNO=12345689! \] specifying the given compound in the Simplified Molecular-Input Line-Entry system (SMILES) used in cheminformatics.1 Here are some example expressions and their corresponding compounds: Atoms are represented by single capital letters. Their valence is the possible number of bonds they can form with their neighbouring atoms given by the following table: Symbol C N O F, H Valence 4 3 2 1 Atoms that form a bond are written next to each other. For instance, a single O with two different F neighbours (forming the compound oxygen difloride OF_2) is written as FOF in SMILES. The symbol texttt= specifies a double bond between its adjacent atoms. For instace, two double-bonded O atoms (forming molecular oxygen O_2) are written as O=O in SMILES. Hydrogen atoms are not specified and follow from the valences of the specified atoms. For instance, water H_2O is just written as O instead of HOH. This convention helps to de-clutter and linearise notation; for instance methane CH_4 is written as a single C. The occurrence of a pair of digits like cdots a6cdots b6cdots , specifies a single bond between a and b; more generally between the pair of atoms preceding the digits. For instance, C1CCCCC1 is cyclohexane. Digits can be reused (so the first occurrence of a digit is paired with the second; the third with the fourth, etc.). An atom can be followed by one or more expressions in parenthesis, like amathtt(Smathtt) mathtt(Tmathtt). This means that the compounds described by S and T are attached to the atom described by a. If the expression continues with an atom, such as amathtt(Smathtt) mathtt(Tmathtt)b then also b is attached to a. For instance, C(=O)(NF)F, C(F)(=O)NF, and even the nested expression O(=C(NF)F) describe the same compound: N-fluorocarbamoyl fluoride. Both S and T can start with the double-bond indicator =, and a can be followed by digits. Output If the compound is not an alcohol, print 0. Otherwise print iin { 1,2,3} , if the compound is a primary, secondary, or tertiary alcohol, respectively. If you print more than one integer, print them in order and separated by whitespace. Sample Input 1 Sample Output 1 O 0 Sample Input 2 Sample Output 2 CCCO 1 Sample Input 3 Sample Output 3 OCC(O)CO 1 2 Sample Input 4 Sample Output 4 C(=O)O 0 Sample Input 5 Sample Output 5 C12=CC=CC=C1N=C3C(=C2)CN4C(C5=C(C=C34)C(CC(OC5)=O)(CC)O)=O 3