In the game of Rhombinoes, you have a board made up entirely of equilateral trianges (see the image), some of which are “live” and some are “dead”. Your goal is to place down as many rhombinoes (“rhombus”-shaped pieces) as possible on the board. Each rhombino should exactly cover two “adjacent” live triangles that have a common side, and no two rhombinoes can use the same triangle. Given the description of the live and dead triangles of a Rhombino board, what is the maximum number of rhombinoes you can simultaneously place down on the board? Each triangle in the board has a pair of coordinates (x, y). The bottom-left triangle has coordinates (0, 0) and will always be a triangle with its tip pointed upward. For any given triangle with coordinates (x, y), the triangle adjacent to it on its right-side (if any) has coordinates (x+1, y), and the triangle adjacent to it on its top-side (if any) has coordinates (x, y+1). Left-side and bottom-side adjacency are defined similarly. Each board has a width W and a height H. A board with width W and height H is the board which consists of all triangles with coordinates (x, y) such that 0 leq x < W and 0 leq y < H. For example, the game board in the image has width 6 and height 3. (See Figure 1 for clarification.) Figure 1: Sample input, with cells (1,1), (2,2), (4,1), and (3,0) dead. Input The first line of input contains three space-separated integers W, H, and K. W is the width of the board, H is the height, and K is the number of dead triangles on the board (1 leq W leq 100, 1 leq H leq 100, 1 leq K leq Wcdot H leq 1000). Exactly K lines will follow. Each such line will contain a pair of space-separated integers x and y (0 leq x < W, 0 leq y < H), indicating that the triangle with coordinates (x,y) is a dead triangle. All other triangles are live. Output Output a line containing a single integer, the maximum number of rhombinoes you can simultaneously place down on the board. Sample Input 1 Sample Output 1 6 3 4 1 1 2 2 4 1 3 0 5