A matrix is a rectangular table of letters. A square matrix is a matrix with an equal number of rows and columns. A square matrix M is called symmetric if its letters are symmetric with respect to the main diagonal (M_{ij} = M_{ji} for all pairs of i and j). The following figure shows two symmetric matrices and two which are not symmetric: AAB AAA ABCD AAB ACC ABA ABCD ACA BCC AAA ABCD DAA ABCD Figure 1: Two symmetric and two non-symmetric matrices. Given a collection of available letters, you are to output a subset of columns in the lexicographically smallest symmetric matrix which can be composed using all the letters. If no such matrix exists, output “IMPOSSIBLE”. To determine if matrix A is lexicographically smaller than matrix B, consider their elements in row-major order (as if you concatenated all rows to form a long string). If the first element in which the matrices differ is smaller in A, then A is lexicographically smaller than B. Input The first line of input contains two integers N (1 leq N leq 30, 000) and K (1 leq K leq 26). N is the dimension of the matrix, while K is the number of distinct letters that will appear. Each of the following K lines contains an uppercase letter and a positive integer, separated by a space. The integer denotes how many corresponding letters are to be used. For example, if a line says “A 3”, then the letter A must appear three times in the output matrix. The total number of letters will be exactly N^2. No letter will appear more than once in the input. The next line contains an integer P (1 leq P leq 50), the number of columns that must be output. The last line contains P integers, the indices of columns that must be output. The indices will be between 1 and N inclusive, given in increasing order and without duplicates. Output If it is possible to compose a symmetric matrix from the given collection of letters, output the required columns on N lines, each containing P character, without spaces. Otherwise, output “IMPOSSIBLE” (quotes for clarity). Sample Input 1 Sample Output 1 3 3 A 3 B 2 C 4 3 1 2 3 AAB ACC BCC Sample Input 2 Sample Output 2 4 4 A 4 B 4 C 4 D 4 4 1 2 3 4 AABB AACC BCDD BCDD Sample Input 3 Sample Output 3 4 5 E 4 A 3 B 3 C 3 D 3 2 2 4 AC BE DE ED Sample Input 4 Sample Output 4 4 6 F 1 E 3 A 3 B 3 C 3 D 3 4 1 2 3 4 IMPOSSIBLE